PROCRASTINATOR 
SINGLES GUIDE PART 8: 
The one-night relationship
A Guide for men

1: The Pick Up:(The following tips can make the difference 
between coming off like a Don Juan and coming off like a 
Don Martin)

*Comb your hair - a little grooming goes a long way. 
Avoid colognes and excessive grease. Tuck in your shirt, 
unless your gut is going to show.

*Bring money - as much as men like big breasts, women like
big spenders.

*Be funny, but not obnoxious. A dry wit is nearly as 
important as dry hands. Warning: Getting laughs can inflate 
the ego, but don't let it make you cocky or arrogant. 
You'll never be as great as me, for example.

TWO: The Hook-Up(The following guidelines can help tilt 
the odds in your favor from going home alone, to not 
going home at all.)

*Be energetic - Don't yawn too much. Suggest that since 
all the bars are closed and the night is still young, 
why don't we get a six-pack and go back to my place. Turn 
to your buddy and say "It's too bad you can't come with 
us Leonard, since you have to work tomorrow," if Leonard 
tries to remind you that he is unemployed, kick him hard 
in the shin.

*Don't Be Too Eager - Let spontaneity be your guide,
let the tension build as you sit next to each other on 
the couch. When her hand is resting on your knee as she 
rambles on about how she is still in love with her ex, 
and just wants friendship from you, realize what these 
contradictory signals really mean: she is saying "Kiss me, 
but don't instantly ram your tongue down my throat. Take 
your time, don't think ahead, anxiously rushing off to your 
throat. Take your time, don't think ahead, anxiously rushing
off to your orgasm as if you were running some race." And 
after you make out for half an hour or so and she says, 
"I think I should leave now, before I do something I regret."
Don't say "But, baaaby!" and get all flustered and pissed 
off. Agree with her, put your coat and slowly (very slowly)
head for the door. If you kiss her goodbye in the right way, 
your coat will soo be off again.

*Don't Be Too Slow - SImilarly, if you wait too long, she 
will fall asleep. To take advantage of her at this point is
something only the most pathetic of frat boys would ever 
consider, no matter how willing she was before. Leave her 
a little note and take the rest of the six-pack home as your
consolation prize.

THREE: Sex:(The following tips will help make your triumphant
night a thing to remember, even if you forget most of it)

*Use A Condom - I know, nobody else does, but you should 
set an example ! Though you shouldn't disrespect her for it, 
be aware that she has probably taken other men home before 
you, and though she picked a winner tonight, her judgment, 
as is everyone's, infallible. And if she doesn't insist 
you use a condom, you'll know just how bad her judgment 
really is. It's up to you to save yourself from STDs or 
worse, child-support.

*Don't Have an Orgasm-Make sure that she has one, if 
possible, and then be ready to stop when she gets tired 
or dried up. This will confuse her and make her realize 
you are much different than the others, who cared about 
nothing but busting their nut and getting on the first 
subway back to Brooklyn. Of course you probably will have 
an orgasm anyway, but try not to, you'll last longer. Plus 
not having one reduces the chance of pregnancy, especially 
since you won't be using a condom, even though I told you 
to, you bastard.

*Don't be afraid to ask questions - Most girls are afraid 
to tell you when you're doing something wrong, they just 
grit their teeth and close their eyes like they do at the 
gynecologists. Questions like "What do you like?" or "Does 
that feel good?" show her that you are flexible and 
concerned. She should be flattered and impressed. 

NOTE: Don't be scared if what she wants seems a little 
weird, there's no limit to what you're capable of if you 
suspend your moral judgments. Don't be a prude!

If you follow these simple guidelines, not only will your 
one-night relationship be mutually rewarding, but you will 
have a lot less remorse during the coming week. Who knows? 
Maybe she'll even take you to breakfast! Either way, by 
being safe and sympathetic, you will come off like Lancelot 
in a sea of Louie DePalmas.

